never write on your friends and always
keep you much as far back as I can
remember I always wanted to be a
gangster hey mom what do you think you
look like a gangster I know what by the
time I grew up there was 30 billion a
year in cargo moving through Idlewild
Airport - believe me we tried to steal
every bit of it what do you do
I'm a construction he's not Jewish Mazel
Tov for most of the guys killings got to
be accepted Henry his up very funny guys
he's like never winged what do you like
the little wings you for us to live any
other way was nuts we were treated like
movie stars with muscle we had it all
just for the asking
it's gonna be a good summer it was a
glorious time
in a world that's powered by violence on
the streets where the violet have power
a new generation carries on an old
tradition